Steffi's Review (#52)
ropensci-review-tools/translation_guide: motivation.Rmd

[^motivation-5]: List of languages by number of native speakers.
    Accessed on December 1, 2022.
    <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_languages_by_number_of_native_speakers>

## Building community

> At rOpenSci, we understand review as a way of building community and hope our review process in Spanish will allow us to continue building the community in Spanish-speaking regions, to increase the number of contributors, and to get feedback on how our tools and processes can be improved to better serve these community members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At rOpenSci, we understand review as a way of building community and hope our review process in Spanish and Portuguese, will allow us to continue building the community in regions that speak these languages, to increase the number of contributors, and to get feedback on how our tools and processes can be improved to better serve these community members.
```
